Impossible to listen to what they mean
They come from the same village
Could it be that these two goods were invited by this beggar?
It can't be that food pays attention to color and fragrance
You say he stinks so much, can he taste good?
You two scumbags!
Dare to fool this official
Ximuqi will break your legs
Thank you for your forgiveness
What I said is true.
My lord
My student has never looked down on this Lin surnamed
But this time?
I'm taking this bowl
It's absolutely delicious!
If only I could have another bowl
I am willing to fulfill the bet
Eat shit for this bowl
Eat shit
crazy
They must be crazy. I can't beat them to death anyway
Anyway, I made this pot of stuff today
Enough for everyone?
I'll come first, lady
It's really delicious
How do you manage it?
7 worlds where there is such a delicious soup
The name of this thing is called snail powder.
I don't believe in this evil
Give me a bowl too
Why don't you get me a bowl too?
Big deal.
The rabbit died here
That being the case
Then I will sacrifice my life to accompany the gentleman
But it doesn't taste good.
Uncle Qian, you have to punish him on the spot.
How is it? Is it hard to swallow?
In a trance, please call me a bow